gh-91498: socket: Add TCP_CONNECTION_INFO on macOS (#69256)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-04-10-08-39-44.bpo-69256.8oII92.rst

> Adding ``TCP_CONNECTION_INFO`` macOs' option for the socketmodule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ``TCP_CONNECTION_INFO`` option (available on macOS) to :mod:`socket`.
```
